Fixed link on docs home page (#3220)
GregTechCEu/GregTech-Modern: docs/content/index.md

## Want to Contribute?

If you want to contribute to this documentation site, feel free to read the instructions and open a pull request on

> the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/GregTechCEu/GregTech-Modern/tree/1.20.1/docs).

Reviewer: ````suggestion
If you want to contribute to this documentation site, feel free to read [the instructions](https://github.com/GregTechCEu/GregTech-Modern/blob/1.20.1/docs/CONTRIBUTING.md) and open a pull request on the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/GregTechCEu/GregTech-Modern).
```
